{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;
\f3\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green128\blue0;\red99\green99\blue99;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red91\green91\blue91;\red0\green130\blue4;\red30\green120\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 colloquy\cf2 .\cf3 app
\f1 \cf0  
\fs28 agenda\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf4 Version 2:\
\'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Run plugins and AppleScripts in a thread to prevent locking up the GUI. \

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Allow kicking people with attributed message reasons.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Allow an encoding when kicking people. (Currently always the connection encoding.)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs28 \cf5 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Prevent selecting Appearance Preferences in Room/Chat inspector without it jumping back to a proper selection.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf5 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Proxy support (SOCKS, HTTPS, HTTP).\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Transcript filtering with an interface like Mail's rule editor. Force filtering for large transcripts on open.
\f3\fs22 \

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 PlugIn hooks to add toolbar and menu items to panels and list items. AppleScripts would get an "on toolbar click" handler.
\f3\fs22 \

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Strip zero-width spaces on copy from the WebView (WebFrameView).
\f3\fs22 \

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Add operator commands for the room member class in AppleScript (kick, ban, op, voice, etc.)
\f3\fs22 \

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 New file transfer window with individual progress bars.
\f3\fs22 \

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 AppleScript support for the JVFileTransfer and MVFileTransferController classes.
\f3\fs22 \

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Ban managment tab in the chat room inspector panel.
\f3\fs22 \

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Add an away status dialog somehow.
\f3\fs22 \

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Auto-away when screen saver comes on.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Add a preferred nickname field in the preferences that modifies the the "me" card in AddessBook.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Add a menu item in the drawer's action button to join a new chat room in the current window.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Add the ability to localize Style variant names (use a Variants.strings table).\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Show buddy's real name in info panel for chat members. Along with a way to jump to the buddy.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Print chat logs. Maybe we will need some print media definitions for some of the CSS files (bubbles mostly)?\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Export log support that uses XSL to allow palin text, HTML, RTF, etc. exports.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Options to disable specific events so they don't clutter the room, global and per room settings.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Ability to join password protected rooms with the GUI.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \
Future:\
\'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Limit height of input box better or autoresize it like iChat and Adium. \

\f1\b\fs28 \cf4 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Make JVChatRoomMember subclass something like JVChatUser, a generic user class that isn't part or a room.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Track users and show idle users visually by graying them out or some other indicator.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 IRC command tab completion.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Dock menu for quick joins and connections.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 DCC file uploading throttling.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 Add Face/Avatar support\'d1send and receive.\

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \'a5\cf0  
\f2\b0\fs24 UPnP tied to DCC ports to enable seamless file transfers through firewall usage.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf6 \
key\cf0  ( 
\f1\b \cf4 \'a5
\f2\b0 \cf0  change, 
\f1\b \cf5 \'a5
\f2\b0 \cf0  fix, 
\f1\b \cf2 \'a5
\f2\b0 \cf0  new, \cf7 \'a5\cf0  documentation, \cf8 \'a5\cf0  test )\
}