{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\ftech\fcharset2 Symbol;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f4\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;\f5\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f6\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f7\fnil\fcharset78 HiraKakuPro-W3;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green128\blue0;\red99\green99\blue99;\red85\green85\blue85;
}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 colloquy\cf2 .\cf3 app
\f1 \cf0 \

\fs28 known issues\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  Can't join channels that require a key with the GUI. A workaround is to use this command "/join #room password" for the room.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  SOCKS and HTTP proxies don't function still.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 \
changes\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 Build 2D9 
\f3\b0 (April 28, 2005) \'d1\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Smart Transcripts, a new way to filter and collect chat messages from multiple sources.
\f1\b\fs28 \

\f2\b0\fs20 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 We now support only Growl 0.6 or higher. You will need to upgrade Growl for Colloquy to work with Growl again.
\f1\b\fs28 \

\f2\b0\fs20 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Rewrite of most of the legacy code. This brings better integration of SILC and other nice features.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Kicks that you perform on another user can have colors and text formatting, and will use the room's encoding now.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Improved scrollbar highlight marking and the ability to jump from highlighted messages with Commnad-[ and Command-].\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Added F-Script support if you have the F-Script installed. Colloquy will load any plugins with the .fscript file extension. More info is available on the Colloquy developers page. This adds the command /fscript console, and /fscript load <file path> (edit, unload and reload work also).\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Redid many of the classes and commands for AppleScript, some commands aren't backwards compatible.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added /as load <file path>, /as unload <script name> and /as edit <script name> command to load and manipulate AppleScript plugins.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Colloquy will now prompt you to reload a script plugin if it has been modified since the last time Colloquy was active, no need to /reload plugins.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  IRC notices can now be styled differently.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Notice messages now have a notification that can be tied to, this lets you show bubbles containing notice messages (this is the default).\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added the Dutch (Nederlands) localization by Wouter Goossens.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added Decafbland to the bundled styles, this style is similar to Bland but each nickname has a unique color.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Multiple users on a SILC network can share the same nickname now and Colloquy wont confuse them. They are displayed in room member lists with the same name. Look at the host mask tooltip to crudely identify a user until the user fingerprints are accessible.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 New custom version of the regular expression framework, based on the latest PCRE 5.0. This allows the usage of \\p for unicode properties.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Fixed link highlighting code to allow international URLs and non-ASCII characters in the path.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Fixed a possible crash when editing ignore rules and switching from 'matches' mode to 'equals' mode.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Browsing rooms is significantly more processor efficient, with filtering being greatly improved for large networks like Quakenet.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Holding down the Shift key during launch will prevent auto-connects. Holding down Shift while connecting to a server will prevent auto-join rooms. Holding down Command while connecting will prevent auto-commands. Holding both, prevents both.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Improved window position saving.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Auto-resizing text input box.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Double clicking a new style that has previously been installed will ask if you would like to replace the old version.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Local time in the info panel will update every minute (only one request is sent to the user for their local time, and the time difference is calulated).\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 The user information is requested every 30 seconds that the info panel is open, this will keep the idle and connected time fairly up-to-date.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Initial support for the "quieted" user mode for servers that support it, SILC also supports it.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2C12 
\f3\b0 (November & December, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Fixed a crash that occurred sometimes when changing away status and when members parted a room with a malformed part reason.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Fixed a few reported exception errors.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Fixed markers in the scrollbar not lining up with the chat once the scrollback limiting started.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Scrollbar marks are no longer blurry sometimes, they are now aalways a distint one pixel tall blue mark.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added the German (Deutsch) localization by Alexander Kempgen.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Fixed the appearance of the Direct Chat panel where it meets the tab bar. There is now a divider line like Chat Rooms.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Enabled the Send File context menu for private chat panels.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3\fs24  
\fs20 Dragging files to private chat tabs will transfer the files to that user.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2C11 
\f3\b0 (November 9, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  All DCC file transfer crashes fixed, thank you for submiting your crash reports!\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Plugins and script plugins can now add contextual menu items to any GUI element in Colloquy that has an existing contextual menu.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Updated iTunes script that has the option to show a progress bar, current and duration time and save the preferences. To see all the preference keys, type: 
\f4\fs18 \cf4 \CocoaLigature0 /itunes prefs 
\f3\fs20 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 To toggle a preference, type: 
\f4\fs18 \cf4 \CocoaLigature0 /itunes prefs <key> [on|off]
\f3\fs20 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added a multi-search script that lets you search any of 11 search engines from Yahoo!, Google, ADC, VersionTracker, PHP, Google Image Search and more. For a list of all the commands type: 
\f4\fs18 \cf4 \CocoaLigature0 /search help
\f3\fs20 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2C10 
\f3\b0 (October 21, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  Some DCC file transfer crashes fixed.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  The SILC protocol is now supported right along side existing IRC connections. For more information about SILC visit http://silcnet.org.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Colloquy will use Growl if it is installed, this will prevent on-screen conflicts between Growl and Colloquy. Growl is a spin-off project of Colloquy's Bubbles, more information is available at http://growl.info\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Top 3 reported crashers fixed, thank you for submiting your crash reports!\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Plugged 3 memory leaks.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Greatly increased speed of the console and overall snappiness of the connection.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Greatly increased stability when there are multiple connections, idle connections and during file transfers.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Opening transcripts will load the last messages first and provide instant browsing while the rest load.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  The command /msg will now echo to a room if you have an existing oanel open for the target room.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  We will now only try to reconnect 6 times every 30 seconds after a connection fails to connect or the connection is dropped.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2C9 
\f3\b0 (August & September, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  Some plugin architecture changes.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  New plugin hooks to preform actions on any of the Colloquy notifications, the list in the Notification preferences.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  AppleScript plugins wont disable if they don't return something from a plugin handler.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  CTCP/2 message formatting added. No sending support at the moment.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Whitespace is preserved while still wrapping to the next line.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Long messages are broken every 34 characters if there are no spaces. This prevents the horizontal scrollbar from appearing.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  User and Message Ignore support added. You can mange ignores on a per connection basis through the Connection's Info panel. The command syntax is: 
\f4\fs18 \cf4 \CocoaLigature0 /ignore -[p|m|n] [nickname|/regex/] ["message"|/regex/|word] [#rooms ...]
\f3\fs20 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 . The -p flag will keep the ignore rule permantly until deleted, the -m flag is to specify a message ignore, the -n flag is to specify a nickname ignore. Nickname ignore is the default, so 
\f5\i /ignore moron 
\f3\i0 would ignore that person in all rooms and private chats on this server. This 
\f5\i /ignore -mn /moron.*/ /is listening \\w*/ #adium #colloquy
\f3\i0  would ignore users that start with "moron" and use the /itunes script in the Colloquy or Adium chat room. Ignore requires custom styles to support it first before messages are hidden.
\f2\fs18 \cf4 \

\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  New Message Scrollback setting in the Chatting tab of the Behavior preferences. A good low scrollback message count will improve Colloquy's performance and resource usage over time.
\f2 \
\'b7
\f3  Tabs now show an icon for each panel. Status is shown when different icons. Hover over the icon to reveal the close button.
\f2 \
\'b7
\f3  Private Message panels will not steal focus when they open in an existing window.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Joining a room that uses a now deleted Style will now use the default Style.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  All notifications can now be muted with one switch.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  The Buddy Offline notification is no longer posted if we were the one disconnecting.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  New Server Connected and Server Disconnected notifications.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Interface preferences moved into the Behavior preferences.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  New Transcript preferences panel for logging options.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2C8 
\f3\b0 (July 16, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  Passive DCC send enabled.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Some preferences got moved into a new Behavior preference panel.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Copying and Pasting from chats produces much better results in all the built-in style.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2C7 
\f3\b0 (July 4, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  SSL connections enabled.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  "Reply After Addressing Member" so that is you start a message with someone's nick if will notify you when they talk the next time.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2C6 
\f3\b0 (July, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  Connecting to a IRC proxy that sends a back-log on joins will now show the messages again.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Joining a room has been significantly sped up, especially when the Console is open and the room has hundreds of members.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Transparent backgrounds for chat areas will work when using Safari 1.3 or greater.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Handles joins sooner so proxies that spit out logged messages will show up.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Topics will not show up as being set right after reconnecting to a room.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Join windows pop up much faster after the join command is acknowledged by the server.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  On connect commands will be sent 1 second after the "001" numeric is received or after a timeout of 120 seconds since the connection was attempted, whatever is sooner.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2C5 
\f3\b0 (June, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  Better /msg handling. Sending an empty /msg command (no message) will open a private message panel with that user. Sending a message with /msg will send the message silently. Use /query if you want to always open a private message panel.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  A new grouping added to group with either chat rooms or private chats, whatever comes first.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Tabbed windows now an option in Interface preferences. New windows created after selecting this preference will reflect the change.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  DCC sending will now inform the recipient of your public (external) IP address if you are behind NAT.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Kicking a member with a reason is now an option of the contextual menu, hold Option while the menu is open and select "Kick from Room\'c9".\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Banning a member with a custom mask is now an option of the contextual menu, hold Option while the menu is open and select "Ban from Room\'c9".\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Kick and ban is now an option of the contextual menu, hold Shift while the menu is open or Shift and Option for Kick and ban with a custom host mask and reason.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Background images can be customized and added to styles.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Picturesque is know know as Fiat and has a new look. Menizer is now known as Synapse.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Built in styles honor the system's time format and will display in 12 or 24 hour formats according to the International system preferences.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Connections will honor the default encoding for everything that isn't part of a room or chat that already has a specific encoding. This allows joining rooms and seeing nicknames that use non-roman encodings.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added an /aaway command to set away status for all connected connections.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  When you are away the scrollbars on all your chats for that connection will start shading the area of conversation you missed. Returning from away will stop the shade area.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  DCC file transfers work again, fully utilizing Irssi and all it's great DCC support\'d1including passive DCC compatible with mIRC and other clients that support passive transfers.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  On-connect commands are available for each connection now. Commands can include %@ to be replaced with the current nickname.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  Tooltips in the buddy list will no longer flash on screen.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  The buddy list will not slow down over time.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  Improved Style options in the Appearance preferences, changes that are made now get saved as user variants and show up in the variant submenu of the style.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  Option-clicking the "Customize\'c9" button in the Appearance preferences will open the variant's CSS file if it isn't locked.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  More options for some of the built-in styles, like Bubbles and Bland.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  Can use Fire styles now\'d1from the popular instant messenger.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  Quit and part reasons can now be displayed by all built-in styles with the option to hide the reason.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  The iTunes command now will announce the streaming URL if you are listing to an online radio station.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  The Standard style now has a customize option to toggle the message fade.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  Drawer size is remembered now.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  Chat and Console split view positions remembered, send box will remember the size you want.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  Won't crash on quit or disconnect if the server couldn't be reached.
\f1\b \

\f2\b0 \'b7
\f3  Simple ban support added, available in the member contextual menu or via /ban and /unban.
\f1\b \
\
Build 2C4 
\f3\b0 (Wednesday May 12, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \

\f2\b0\fs20 \'b7
\f3  New Style options in the Appearance preferences that allow fine control over style colors, etc. These options will modify a user override CSS file that is saved in ~/Library/Application Support/Colloquy/Styles/Overrides. This file is freely modifiable outside of Colloquy also, Colloquy wont destroy it when changes are made again in Colloquy.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Highlight words will show a mark in the scroll-bar area so at a glance you can see where you were mentioned in the scroll-back.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  HTML HEX colors won't be highlighted as IRC rooms anymore.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Regular expression highlights. Any highlight like this: /^nonex:/ will be interpreted as an expression search. (Spaces are the current delimiter for the preferences, if you need a space in your highlight expression, use \\s.)\
\pard\tqr\tx80\tx240\li240\fi-240\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  Regular (non-expression) highlight words are now word boundary searched, to achieve the old highlight method, do /word/ to match inside words.
\f2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'b7
\f3  New "No Fade" variant of the Standard style.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Buddy names won't jump around when highlighted using the "No Buddy Picture" option.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Fonts with multiple options will now show up in Appearance preferences' font preview all the time.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Emoticon and Style toolbar items should not disappear any more.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Working with the drawer list in a window will not change the keyboard focus, so you can keep typing in the chat room.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Fixed emoticons toolbar menu where it would keep duplicating an item "Emoticons" if you switched bundles using the text-only toolbar mode.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added /cycle and /hop to quickly part and rejoin a room without losing scrollback.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2C3 
\f3\b0 (Thursday April 22, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  All memory leaks fixed, Colloquy will not keep growing and slow down with prolonged use.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  More crash related fixes. No longer core dumps unless you tell the OS to.
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  New Command-Option-
\f6 \uc0\u8593  and 
\f3 Command-Option-
\f6 \uc0\u8595  to cycle through panels that have activity
\f3 .
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  Nicknames in chat rooms are now clickable and right-clickable for a menu in some styles.
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  New notification to know when your nickname has identified with NickServ. All NickServ notices are suppressed unless you have a query with NickServ open already.
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  New notification to know when you have memos waiting through MemoServ. Clicking a memo notification bubble will read your messages with MemoServ. All MemoServ notices are suppressed unless you have a query with MemoServ open already.
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  Improved auto-completion.
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  Typing /list or /list \'c7filter\'c8 in a room or chat will now open the room browser window.
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  Buddy list now remembers widow size and position on screen.
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  Enabled the ISO-2022-JP encoding again.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Command-Shift-Option-I now toggles the Inspector window, Command-Shift-I changed back to Get Info.
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  Command-1, 2 & 3 now toggles the their respective window.
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  User input such as //foo is now equivalent to /say /foo.
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  Tooltips added to the drawer list.
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  Added commands: /op, /deop, /halfop, /dehalfop, /voice, /devoice.
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  New and improved iTunes script, now shows the album. Also if another Colloquy user runs /itunes the song information will be clickable and will do an iTunes Music store search for that song, artist or album.
\fs24 \

\f2\fs20 \'b7
\f3  New bundled Google script that lets you open a search by typing /google \'c7search terms\'c8.
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b\fs20 \cf0 \
Build 2C2 
\f3\b0 (Saturday April 10, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  No longer crashes on quit. Please remember to clear your /cores folder to regain significant space.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  No longer crashes if the alternate nick is used on connect.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Major memory leak fixed, Colloquy shouldn't keep growing with prolonged use.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Reliably shows the actual nick you are using.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Auto-reconnects if you are disconnect from the server, keeps trying until successfully connected.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Messages will not group correctly and not have a tendency to disappear if they were the first few messages.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  New chat room activity notification.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Input focus is always retained and ready to accept typing.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Server admins will show up in rooms with a purple icon.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Servers that support half-operators; users with this status will show up in rooms with a orange icon.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Notifications will now honor the enabled/disabled checkboxes all the time.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Commas are allowed in URLs so the full URL will be highlighted.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2C1 
\f3\b0 (Saturday April 3, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  Irssi is now the core of Colloquy. Irssi commands are not part of this transition.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  New Colloquy.info domain name, thanks to Chris at DomainLauncher.com.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Notification bubbles.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Chat Room invite notification with option to join the room.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Improved window grouping.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Sending messages with the return or enter key now works reliably when it sometimes added a new line.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Dock icon wont bounce if the setting isn't selected in the preferences.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Command-W works as expected in all cases now.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2B101 
\f3\b0 (Saturday March 2o, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  Less crashes\'d1disabled the Chat Activity toolbar item until it can be fixed.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  French localization disabled until the English interface is finalized.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Notifications are back! Check out the Notification preferences. (No bubbles yet\'d1future option.)\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Mode changes show up in the chat area as events now.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Handles /join commands properly, joining passworded rooms with "/join #room password" works now.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Slight improvements to URL detection.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2B100 
\f3\b0 (Friday March 12, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  NickServ IDENTIFY requests are intercepted more often.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Messages in the Standard Style now fade in.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Room lists are only fetched from the server if the room browser is expanded.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Messages in the Bland style will start from the bottom and flow up to fill the space.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  When disconnected from a server, all it's rooms, private chats and the console become faded and show "disconnected" under them.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Port numbers over 32,767 will now show up correctly in the Connections window.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Fixes a seemingly random hang when joining a room that is pretty active at that instant.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Reliably displays fast initial private messages that happen quicker than WebKit can render.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  URLs that just begin with "www" are now hyperlinked.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Better URL detection, especially for different language chats where characters run together (Japanese, Chinese, etc.).\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  The escape key now clears the input line.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Page up/down, Home and End keys will affect the chat display even if the input line is focused.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  The member info window now stops "spinning" when the user is invalid and all the fields will be "n/a".\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Get Info windows now become focused when they open.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Some styles now group consecutive messages from the same person.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Some various style clean up.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Changes made in the Buddy inspector now get saved in the AddressBook, wasn't saving changes before.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Typing will always be directed into the input box when switching rooms or windows.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Realitive images work in the HTML again.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Messaging a user as all lowercase (i.e. "nickserv") no longer opens another window with the proper nickname "NickServ".\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Picturesque style handles .tiff and .jpeg files like it should.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Picturesque style displayes PDFs inline now.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Picturesque style will not stop scrolling down if a image is posted.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Long nick names in the Bland style will now resize the nick column to fit.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Style and Emoticon toolbar items have down arrows to show they present a menu.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  The commands /msg and /query do the same thing now.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Option to sort Chat Room members by status descending through operator, voice and normal members.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  No longer tries to double part a room when typing /part resulting in a error dialog.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Swapped the Get Info and Show Inspector keyboard commands.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Copying URL from the message area and sending them again no longer gives you extra invisible characters scattered throughout.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added "Paste as Rich Text" command (Command-Shift V). Paste now pastes as plain text.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Clearing the input box (by deleting everything) will reset the text formatting.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2B96 
\f3\b0 (Sunday February 29, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  Command-W now closes the current panel, and Command-Shift-W closes the whole window.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Non-functional (blank) message views should not happen anymore.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  New message status is now shown for rooms & chats that are selected when Colloquy isn't the front application or another window is active.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Multiples of the same emotion are now parsed and replaced correctly.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added /umode as a shortcut to /mode <current nickname>.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added /wi and /wii to do local server and remote server (respectfully) whois queries.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added the command /t as an alias to /topic.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Idle time in the member Info panel should show up reliably for users on networks that have many servers.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Typing /whois, /wi or /wii will now open an Info window for that user showing the whois results.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  NickServ no longer keeps asking for your password until you authenticate.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  The Keychain is only checked for passwords when connecting and getting info on a server now.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Deleting a connection no longer gives an out of bounds error.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  The iChat emotion bundle now shows innocent correctly.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  When using Text Only emoticons when first joining a chat, switching the emoticon bundle now updates pervious emoticons to the new look.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  All styles show actions in some form now, except Bubbles.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Questions asked when using the Novel style will be labeled as "asked", not "said".\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Large images loaded inline using the Picturesque style will now scale down to fit the width of the conversation view.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Images in the Picturesque style are now clickable to view the image in a browser, Option-Click to download also.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  TIFF and BMP images are now supported in the Picturesque style.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Color formatting now shows up in the Picturesque style.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  For Style authors there is a new command to refresh a style, "/reload style" will clear the cache and load any new changes.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  For Plugin authors there is a new command to refresh and find your plugins, "/reload plugins" will find new plugins and reload any script plugins.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2B95 
\f3\b0 (Friday February 27, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  Two new styles Meinzer and Picturesque. Picturesque is unique\'d1it renders any image links in the conversation without opening a browser.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  The style variant is remembered for rooms and private messages again.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  NickServ IDENTIFY requests are intercepted on more servers.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Users being promoted by ChanServ on servers where ChanServ isn't in the room will no longer show "...promoted by (null)."\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added the command /j as an alias to /join.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2B94 
\f3\b0 (Tuesday February 17, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  Crash that sometimes happened when joining a room should now be fixed. This was the top reported crash.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Encodings are fixed, please test extensively with your language.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Specifying the username and real name is now possible for each connection. Defaults to your username and real name for your computer.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  No longer launches the Finder if you are using PathFinder or have the Finder quit for any reason. Favorites can't be used or created from Colloquy in this state.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2B93 
\f3\b0 (Saturday February 14, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7
\f3  Sending HTML or messages with '<', '>' or '&' characters is possible again.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Fixed an occasional hang when waking from sleep.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Long filenames in the transfer window now show ellipses in the middle.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Long buddy names and chat room names in list views are truncated with ellipses at the end.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Buddy status icons are always on the right, even when Buddy icons are off.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Styles can contain their own preview transcript to show off per-style features.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Styles can contain a supplement HTML file to include helper JavaScript functions or static HTML.\

\f2 \'b7
\f3  Clicking the split divider in a conversation no longer makes it jump down. Split view also no longer snaps every 14 pixels.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2B92 
\f3\b0 (Sunday January 25, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0\fs20 \cf0  
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Private message works again.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Fixed a possible crash that occurred with Unsanity's Silk installed.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  More padding at the bottom of chats so the last message can't get cut off.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Inverted styles now have a better highlight color when your nickname is said in chat.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added ellipses on the end of long chat topics to indicate there is more to be seen. Hover over to get a tooltip with the entire topic.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added the 
\f5\i irssi
\f3\i0  command /quote as an alias to /raw.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Window size and position is remembered. The last window size will be use as a reference for any new windows.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  The chat window drawer now remembers if you opened it before and opens for you when the new windows open.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Double clicking a member in a chat room initiates a chat with them.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Clicking the apple.com link in the Appearance preferences will open a web browser instead of loading in the preview area.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 2B91 
\f3\b0 (Friday January 23, 2004) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0\fs20 \cf0  
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Runs on Mac OS X 10.3 (Panther) as well as 10.2 with Safari installed or 10.2.7 and greater.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  New interface that allows chats to be grouped into a single window, or broken into multiple windows. Drag the chat item to move it to another window.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Chat Styles\'d1powered by Apple's WebKit (Safari's renderer)\'d1allow extendable interface styles to fit your tastes. A few styles are included, one mimicking Apple's iChat bubbles. Chat Styles are simple Cascading Stylesheet's and can be extended by a user style sheet.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Emoticon bundles allowing users and third-parties to add different emoticon highlighting.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  New Inspector & Info windows to modify options & view details on Connections, Rooms and Users.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Buddy list! Add buddies to a global list and see who is online without joining any rooms. Buddies are taged to the system Address Book and grouped with all the nicknames and servers that buddy uses.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  The New Connection window now can be expanded to set details of the connection before connecting.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Chat logging with XML (native open and printing suport).\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Open & print chat transcripts.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Proxy support for SOCKS 4 & HTTPS (Secure Web). Uses the system's global proxy servers in Network Preferences.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Chat server console to monitor the inner-workings of the IRC connection and send raw commands.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  IRC text commands not handled by Colloquy will be sent to the server.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  New /raw command to send raw IRC commands to the server, helpful in bypassing a command Colloquy handles.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Handles /ctcp command; reply will be displayed in the server console.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Option-clicking a web URL in chat will download it with Colloquy.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Better URL highlighting in conversations.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Some perferences will not carry over from version 1.\

\f2  \'b7
\f3  No longer crashes when you don't have an outside internet connection and/or the host-name can't be resolved.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  If a chat server is unreachable the Connections window shows a disconnected status, and not the connection pending status. Allowing you to try to reconnect.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Auto-join rooms work as expected on servers with a long "Message of the Day" (MOTD).\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Message timestamps on most chat styles.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Status messages for more chat room events, like topic and nickname changes.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  All the major reported crashes have been resolved (either fixed or replaced by a large change above). Thank you for sending in crash reports!\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Nicknames that start with an underscore (_) or hyphen (-) can now be used.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  IRC URLs that open Colloquy now get handled.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  More accurate file transfer rates and time remaining. The transfer status is only updated every second now for easier reading.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  New preferences window and panes with lots of new options.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Fixed an error when doing tab-complete in a chat room, works all the time now.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  On a Panther system hitting F5 (the default text complete key) you will be presented with nicknames or text that matches what you started typing.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Option to use Panther's built-in text complete when hitting tab.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Deleting a connection will remove any saved passwords from the KeyChain.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 1B20 
\f3\b0 (Friday April 2, 2002) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0\fs20 \cf0  
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Will stay connected longer than 10 minutes when joining highly populated rooms\'d1no more flood disconnection.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  "Send File\'c9" contextual menu item in the member list.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Chat colours are now localized in French.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Windows that are miniaturized into the Dock will not keep popping out when either "Show hidden \'c9 on \'c9 activity" preferences are on.\

\f2  \'b7
\f3  All windows remember their position on screen better, and chat windows remember the member drawer size and state.\

\f2  \'b7
\f3  No more random and erroneous system beeps.\

\f2  \'b7
\f3  Bell characters get replaced with 
\f7 \'81\'f4 
\f3 (music note).\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 1B12 
\f3\b0 (Friday March 21, 2002) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0\fs20 \cf0  
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Reliably connects to more IRC servers and faster.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  IRC commands. Twenty of the typical IRC commands have been implemented for those die-hard users. Here is the current list: me, msg, query, ame, amsg, dcc send, join, part, quit, say, nick, away, topic, mode \'b1v, mode \'b1o, server, disconnect, names, clear and kick.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Rudimentary plug-in support! Plug-ins can be installed in any of the library directories, preferably: 
\f5\i ~/Library/Application Support/Colloquy/PlugIns
\f3\i0 . Contact me for the plug-in software development kit. Try 
\f5\i /itunes
\f3\i0  in a room to test the basic iTunes plugin.\

\f2  \'b7
\f3  Added the French localization.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Fixed an issue when using an Azerty keyboard that prevented typing characters with circumflex and trema accents (e.g. \'99, \'94, \'90, \'95). This fix might apply to other keyboard layouts.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Connections are now saved in the Connection Manager during the first launch.\

\f2  \'b7
\f3  Hidden windows now stay in the Dock and Window menus.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Changing a connection nickname will query the Keychain for that nickname's password.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 1B9 
\f3\b0 (Tuesday March 15, 2002) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0\fs20 \cf0  
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Fixed the toolbar configuration crashes (the most reported crash).\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  The Emoticon and Encoding toolbar items now honor the "Use Small Icons" toolbar setting.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  The Connect toolbar item now opens the "New Connection" dialog when no connection is selected.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  IRC command queue tweaks to make things "snappier".\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Support for password protected servers.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Nicknames with special characters now get encoded and are saved properly. This fixes the "|" (pipe character) bug.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 1B3 
\f3\b0 (Tuesday January 2, 2002) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0\fs20 \cf0  
\f2 \'b7
\f3  NickServ password authorization enabled with password prompts and saving passwords in your keychain.\

\f2  \'b7
\f3  Connections are stored different now, old bookmarks will not load and may show up as blank lines in the connection manager.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Audit of all code and fixed some major memory leaks dealing with my NIB file loading.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Most things are lazy loaded now. This makes application launch instantly (one bounce) and have a smaller footprint until features are needed.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Preferences controller had a major leak\'d1now resolved. (Should send these changes to the Chimera group, and Fire developers.)\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Firetalk DNS timout crash when connecting under high network load (or a slow dialup connection)\'d1now resolved. This allows IPv6 to work.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Firetalk CTCP infinate loop fixed along with other CTCP cleanup.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Software update timeout "hack". The software update feature will now timeout in 5 seconds if there is no connection. (This is an Apple bug workaround.)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 1A26 
\f3\b0 (Tuesday November 26, 2002) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0\fs20 \cf0  
\f2 \'b7
\f3  New Appearance preference pane with extra options and a preview area.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  New 'Join Room' and 'Message User' icons for the connection manager.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Rooms on the server show up in the join room and auotcomplete as you type.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Preliminary contextual menus on the chat room member list. Includes admin op, kick and voice.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  IPv6 support disabled due to system level bugs.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Revisited internal message conversion between encodings. Removed a lot of redundant code.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Bold and Italic toggling now behaves exactly like Apple methods.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added checks for the new formatting and link highlighting preferences when displaying a message.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Link highlighting engine now excludes a trailing '.' or '?' for URLs that appear at the end of proper sentences.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Can now disconnect a connection before it is finished connecting.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  The 'Edit' connection toolbar item now changes to 'New' when no connection is selected.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Background colors are now viewable in received messages.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  More tweaks to match mIRC's color support to the letter.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Internal HTML cleanup. Replaced some of my methods with Apple's private HTML framework.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Enabled ISO-2022-JP by fixing a HTML\'d0IRC conversion issue with '<', '>', '&'.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Dividers in the encoding menu along with Cryillic, Chinese and Korean encodings.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Memory leak in chat rooms removed.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 1A21 
\f3\b0 (Thursday November 21, 2002) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0\fs20 \cf0  
\f2 \'b7
\f3  New connections manager for managing URLs, multiple connections, automatic connections, automatic joins, user notify list, joining rooms and initiating user messages.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Enabled the revisited transfer manager.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  File transfer resume support.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  IRC URLs are now handled from the system and internally in chat dialog (was only rooms before, now allows new server connections). Here is an example URL that will connect to 'javelin.cc' as user 'test' on port '6669' and will join the room 'colloquy' when connected: \ul irc://test@javelin.cc:6669/#colloquy\ulnone . Note that only the scheme and host part of the URL need to be present. Valid room paths a begin with '#', '&' or '+'; if the path of the URL is not a valid room then a new message to that user is made. Mozilla's Chatzilla handles IRC URLs in this manner also.\

\f2  \'b7
\f3  Nickname changes were not being reported due to a Firetalk API change \'d1 now fixed.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Version checking happens at launch time and prompts the user if they want to see the changes. (The 'Never' option does nothing currently.)\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Removed the floating palette.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added more menu items.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Removed the send button and made Private Messages resize it's text views to fit where the topic was.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Empty chat topics are now indicated.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Enhanced the default color panel to have an option to set foreground and background colors. Note that background colors only send currently and will not be displayed until a later build.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Started the work for pulg-in support by adding tons of notifications about chat connections.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added a queue limit to Firetalk to prevent disconnections due to flooding the server with automatic requests \'d1 milliseconds apart.
\f1\b \
\
Build 1A8 
\f3\b0 (Wednesday November 13, 2002) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \

\f3\b0\fs20  
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Enabled the Software Update check.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Fixed some buffer overflows in the IRC\'d0HTML translation engine.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added reset codes to the HTML\'d0IRC translation engine for better compatibility with some IRC clients (Snak).\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Text sent by the Colloquy user now gets parsed-for-display through the same translation engines (to render colors accurately in the fixed 16 color IRC palette).\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Added IRC voice support to Firetalk.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Enabled IPv6 support on the Firetalk side (changes were needed to build on Mac OS X).\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Muli-server support has been added. (Need a new server management/connection interface to use this.)\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  New icon that is a cleaner version of the first idea.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Preference pans are now individualized.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b \cf0 \
Build 1A1 
\f3\b0 (Monday November 10, 2002) \'d1
\f1\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0\fs20 \cf0  
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Initial build \'d1 much removed from the Massinova code.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Preliminary icon being used \'d1 feedback welcomed.\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Replaced the Firetalk library with version 0.1p21 (made some modifications to work on Mac OS X and added some missing IRC features).\
 
\f2 \'b7
\f3  Object and general code clean-up using new techniques for simpler and readable code.\
}