{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\ftech\fcharset2 Symbol;\f4\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;\f5\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f6\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f7\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green128\blue0;\red99\green99\blue99;\red19\green16\blue255;
}
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 colloquy\cf2 .\cf3 \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 Colloquy is a lightweight Internet Relay Chat client rich in both features and ease of use.
\f2\b\fs24 \
\
Features\
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0\fs20 \cf0 \'b7 
\f1 Elegant multi-window interface gets out of your way.\

\f3 \'b7 
\f1 Plug-in support for 3rd-party enhancements.
\f3 \
\'b7 
\f1 Multiple servers for extreme multi-tasking.
\f3 \
\'b7 
\f1 NickServ support for automatic identification from your keychain.
\f3 \
\'b7 
\f1 Revolutionary auto-actions for more natural conversations.
\f3 \
\'b7 
\f1 Exacting mIRC color support (sending and receiving), including background colors.
\f3 \
\'b7 
\f1 Bold, italic and underline font styles.
\f3 \
\'b7 
\f1 Drag-and-drop DCC file transfer, including resume.
\f3 \
\'b7 
\f1 Message highlighting when you get addressed in the conversation.
\f3 \
\'b7 
\f1 Tab
\f3  
\f1 completion of nicknames.
\f3 \
\'b7 
\f1 Configurable colors and behavior settings.
\f3 \
\'b7 
\f1 Auto-connect and join channels with bookmarked servers.
\f3 \
\'b7 
\f1 Fast and solid IRC core powered by the GNU FireTalk library.\

\f3 \'b7 
\f1 Toolbars, drawers, sheets \'d1 fully Mac OS X.
\f3 \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 \
Frequently Asked Questions\
\pard\li660\fi-300\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf0 Q:
\f1\b0\fs20  Where are my IRC commands?
\f3 \

\f2\b\fs22 A:
\f1\b0\fs20  Colloquy is a simple visual IRC client. If you require IRC commands and Colloquy does not provide suitable options through menus, toolbar icons or current plug-in commands let us know for consideration as a future option or plug-in.\

\f2\b\fs14 \

\fs22 Q:
\f1\b0\fs20  Will Colloquy be AppleScript aware or have an AppleScript plug-in system in the future?
\f3 \

\f2\b\fs22 A:
\f1\b0\fs20  Yes, this is the plan. Currently Colloquy plug-ins need to be written as Cocoa bundles; email timothy@javelin.cc for more information and the plug-in software development kit.
\f3 \

\f2\b\fs14 \

\fs22 Q:
\f1\b0\fs20  Can you add this feature to Colloquy?
\f3 \

\f2\b\fs22 A:
\f1\b0\fs20  Any features or improvement ideas can always be sent to timothy@javelin.cc. We read every suggestion, though someone might not reply back. Providing us examples from existing Mac or Windows products will always help.
\f3 \

\f2\b\fs14 \

\fs22 Q:
\f1\b0\fs20  Will Colloquy continue to be free-ware?
\f3 \

\f2\b\fs22 A:
\f1\b0\fs20  For the time being. Even if Colloquy turns into a shareware product, the price will be in the $5-10 range. Of course, donations can always be sent via PayPal to timothy@javelin.cc. The thought of a "bribe" system is being considered (i.e. put money on features and enhancements you can't live without).
\f3 \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 \
Comments & Bug Reports\
\pard\li360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 Any comments or bug reports should be sent to timothy@javelin.cc. Also sending crash reports through the built-in reporting dialog helps us tremendously, especially with a short comment about what you were trying to do.
\f2\b\fs24 \
\pard\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Languages
\f3\b0\fs20 \
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'b7 
\f1 English
\f3 \
\'b7 
\f4 Fran\'8dais
\f3 \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 \

\f2\b\fs24 Requirements
\f3\b0\fs20 \
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'b7 
\f1 Mac OS X 10.2
\f3 \
\'b7 
\f1 A connection to the Internet (Dial-up, DSL, Cable, etc)\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\ql\qnatural
\cf0 What\'d5s New\
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf0 Version 1.0.2
\f1\b0\fs20  (Friday March 21, 2003) \'d0
\f3 \
\pard\li520\fi-160\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'b7
\f1  Reliably connects to more IRC servers and faster.\

\f3 \'b7
\f1  IRC commands. Twenty of the typical IRC commands have been implemented for those die-hard users. Here is the current list: me, msg, query, ame, amsg, dcc send, join, part, quit, say, nick, away, topic, mode \'b1v, mode \'b1o, server, disconnect, names, clear and kick.\

\f3 \'b7
\f1  Rudimentary plug-in support! Plug-ins can be installed in any of the library directories, preferably: 
\f5\i ~/Library/Application Support/Colloquy/PlugIns
\f1\i0 . Contact me for the plug-in software development kit. Try 
\f5\i /itunes
\f1\i0  in a room to test the basic iTunes plugin.\

\f3 \'b7
\f1  Added the French localization.\

\f3 \'b7
\f1  Fixed an issue when using an Azerty keyboard that prevented typing characters with circumflex and trema accents (e.g. \'99, \'94, \'90, \'95). This fix might apply to other keyboard layouts.\

\f3 \'b7
\f1  Connections are now saved in the Connection Manager during the first launch.\

\f3 \'b7
\f1  Hidden windows now stay in the Dock and Window menus.\

\f3 \'b7
\f1  Changing a connection nickname will query the Keychain for that nickname's password.\
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 \
Version 1.0.1
\f1\b0\fs20  (Saturday March 15, 2003) \'d0
\f3 \
\pard\li520\fi-160\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'b7
\f1  Fixed the toolbar configuration crashes (the most reported crash). \

\f3 \'b7
\f1  The Emoticon and Encoding toolbar items now honor the "Use Small Icons" toolbar setting. \

\f3 \'b7
\f1  The Connect toolbar item now opens the "New Connection" dialog when no connection is selected. \

\f3 \'b7
\f1  IRC command queue tweaks to make things "snappier". \

\f3 \'b7
\f1  Support for password protected servers. \

\f3 \'b7
\f1  Nicknames with special characters now get encoded and are saved properly. This fixes the "|" (pipe character) bug.\
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs22 \cf0 \
Version 1.0
\f1\b0\fs20  (Thursday January 2, 2003) \'d0
\f3 \
\'b7
\f1  Initial release.\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 \
Credits\
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf0 Engineering & Design
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural

\f4\fs20 \cf0 Timothy Hatcher (\cf4 timothy@javelin.cc\cf0 )
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf0 Chat Engine
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural

\f5\i\fs20 \cf0 FireTalk Library
\f4\i0 \
\'a9 2000 Ian Gulliver under the GNU Public License.\
Portions \'a9 2004 Timothy Hatcher under GPL.\
See the GNU Public License v. 2 for more details.\cf4 \ul \ulc4 \
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural
\cf4 \ulnone http://ares.penguinhosting.net/~ian/firetalk
\f6\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural

\f2\fs20 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Localization\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\ql\qnatural

\f4\b0\fs20 \cf0 French: Matt Anton\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\fi360\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf0 Quality Control & Testing
\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\ql\qnatural

\f4\b0\fs20 \cf0 Matt Anton\
Adam Downes
\f7\fs24 \

\f4\fs20 Hans Gerwitz\
Steve Klingsporn\
Chad Little\
Colter Reed\
Sydney Tsai\
Charles Wardin\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 Disclaimer\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li360\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 Copyright \'a9 2003-2004 Timothy Hatcher\
\
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
\
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.\
\
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA  02111-1307, USA.}